[docs] Remove out-of-date docs, improve header standardization. (#24456)
microsoft/vcpkg: docs/examples/modify-baseline-to-pin-old-boost.md

# Pin old Boost versions
This document will teach you how to set versions of meta-packages like `boost` or `qt5`.

**What is a meta-package?**

> In vcpkg we call meta-packages to ports that by themselves don't install anything but that instead forward installation to another port or ports. The reasons for these meta-packages to exist are plenty: to install different versions of a library depending on platform or to conveniently install/uninstall a catalog of related packages (Boost and Qt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In vcpkg we call ports that don't install anything but forward installation to other port(s) *meta-packages*. Meta-packages:

* allow installation of different versions of a library depending on platform
* conveniently install/uninstall a catalog of related packages (as demonstrated by `boost` and `qt`)
```

I'm not sure we should be talking about different "versions" here?

(I suggested the bulleted list because I think 'reasons are plenty' just makes it longer without really adding things. Just say what it's for.)

Author: See my below comment.

In the case of Boost, it is unlikely that a user requires all of the 140+ Boost libraries in their project. For the sake of convenience, vcpkg splits Boost into multiple sub-packages broken down to individual libraries. By doing so, users can limit the subset of Boost libraries that they depend on.

> If a user wants to install all of the Boost libraries available in vcpkg, they can do so by installing the `boost` meta-package.

Reviewer: How about merge these 2 paragraphs into:

In the case of Boost, it is unlikely that all 140+ Boost libraries are required. vcpkg splits Boost into its individual libraries. For convenience, the `boost` meta-package can used to install them all.

Author: See my below comment.

The second method makes it easy to pin the entire Boost collection and end up with a very simple manifest file.

## Method 2: Modify baseline
An easy way to set the version for the entirety of boost is to use the `"builtin-baseline"` property.

As of right now, it is only possible to go back to Boost version `1.75.0` using a baseline, since that was the contemporary Boost version when the versioning feature was merged. **But, it is possible to modify the baseline to whatever you like and use that instead.**

### Step 1: Create a new branch

> As described in the versioning documentation. The value that goes in `"builtin-baseline"` is a git commit in the Microsoft/vcpkg repository's history. If you want to customize the baseline and have control over the vcpkg instance, you can create a new commit with said custom baseline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As described in the versioning documentation. The value that goes in `"builtin-baseline"` is a git commit in the microsoft/vcpkg repository's history. If you want to customize the baseline and have control over the vcpkg instance, you can create a new commit with said custom baseline.
```

I believe the git organization is canonically lowercase?

Author: I've lowercased it, but we have an enormous number of mentions that are uppercased; this should be addressed mechanically in a separate PR.

> Let's start by creating a new branch to hold our modified baseline.

Reviewer: These 2 trailing spaces were forcing a line break between this line and the next one. Was eliminating that the intent?

Author: No, thanks for catching this. I've added a hard break.
